Add CHANGELOG for v0.10 (#103)
turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-insights: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.10 [2023-05-31]

_Bug fixes_

> - Added deatils of sql master database in `Azure SQL Database Detail`, `Azure SQL Database Dasboard`, and `Azure SQL Database Age Report` dashboards. ([#102](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-insights/pull/102))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `Azure SQL Database Detail`, `Azure SQL Database Dashboard, and `Azure SQL Database Age Report` dashboards to include the Azure SQL master database information. ([#102](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-insights/pull/102))
```
